# Special assignment

This is an assignment which first finds a solution for point-point to parallel-parallel focusing of a beam using a triplet of permanent magnets (that can be found at the LLR lab) and a set of 3 resistive electromagnetic quadrupole magnets which then focus the beam back to a point-point. The triplet focuses the beam in distance less than 0.9 m, this beam can then be transported and focused somewhere further away.

The entire script runs as any simple python script without any arguments. To run a specific energy (or multiple ones), one needs to add it to PZ list in __main__. The script runs *tripletFocusing()*. Because one parameter is free, one determine whether to get the beam aspect ratio as close as possible to 1, by setting *beamRatio = True* or one can set the initial D1 value for example *D1=0.1* m (it is possible to leave it blank). The upper limit on longitudinal momentum for distance 0.9 m, is about 850 MeV. Results from triplet focusing are then passed to *sextetFocusing()*. One can define the D5, D6, D7 values and then the algorithm searches for solution by changing the gradients of these EM quadrupoles. First, it searches for the one, that maximizes the angular acceptance, if it does not find solution, then searches for any solution. If still not found, than lets D7 roam freely in range from 0 to 3 m while maximizing angular acceptance. Lastly, it searches with moving D7 and regardless of the angular acceptance. Argument *moveD7 = True* changes the order of searching for solution. 
